Release highlights for the week ending January 14 2022 (#1265)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/changes/highlights/2022-01-14.md

---
date: 2022-01-14T10:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending January 14, 2022
changes_categories:
  - Highlights
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

## Apps

- [falco-app](https://github.com/giantswarm/falco-app) [v0.2.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/falco-app/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#020---2021-12-17) Update to upstream charts: Falco 1.16.2/0.30.0, exporter 0.6.3/0.6.0, sidekick 0.4.4/2.24.0.
- Dex monitoring is now available through our Public Grafana ( [Docs here](https://docs.giantswarm.io/advanced/configure-dex-in-your-cluster/) )

## Documentation

- Better clarification about Security offering compared to other cloud native packs

> - Use apiextensions-application v0.3.0 in CRD docs 

Reviewer: The documentation changes are not worth a highlight IMO. I would remove the entire block.

> ## User interfaces
> 
> Web UI
>  - KVM clusters can now be deleted without any issues from Happa
>  - Minor bugs that were patched:
>    1. Happa now correctly displays the number of upgradable apps
>    2. Consistency in displaying version labels
>    3. Organisations can now be deleted after moving to SSO
> 
> Management API
> - [rbac-operator](https://github.com/giantswarm/rbac-operator) [v0.19.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/rbac-operator/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#0190---2021-12-17) added user-friendly descriptions to created `ClusterRole` resources, via annotations using the `giantswarm.io/notes` key and changed the CI build process to use architect-orb.
> - [kyverno-policies](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-policies) [v0.13.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-policies/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#0130---2022-01-05) added `policies-openstack` for OpenStack-specific policies and added policy for OpenStack which defaults `failureDomain` based on `MachineDeployment` request’s `machine-deployment.giantswarm.io/failure-domain` label.

Reviewer: The Management API is not a user interface, so let's make it a separate section. That also simplifies the structure.

Also I suggest to remove some things from the user interfaces part.

Instead, adding the notice for kubectl-gs here again

Let's rather keep it short than force users to read through less interesting stuff.

```suggestion
## User interfaces

If you haven't done so yet, please upgrade your kubectl-gs version to 1.58.2, to prevent an issue with the `login` command when creating workload cluster certificates.

In the web UI on KVM installations, we fixed a problem that prevented clusters from being deleted. Also the number of apps with a pending upgrade is now calculated correctly.

## Management API

- [rbac-operator](https://github.com/giantswarm/rbac-operator) [v0.19.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/rbac-operator/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#0190---2021-12-17) added user-friendly descriptions to created `ClusterRole` resources, via annotations using the `giantswarm.io/notes` key and changed the CI build process to use architect-orb.
- [kyverno-policies](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-policies) [v0.13.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-policies/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#0130---2022-01-05) added `policies-openstack` for OpenStack-specific policies and added policy for OpenStack which defaults `failureDomain` based on `MachineDeployment` request’s `machine-deployment.giantswarm.io/failure-domain` label.
```
